LiveAUS 278/2 (58) - PAK 443/9 (126.3)
LiveSA 285/5 (67.1) - SL 205/10 (64.5)
UP Elections 2017: Mulayam snubs son, rejects possibility of any alliance
Former Union Home Secretary Anil Baijal likely to be new Delhi LG
Kalmadi defers Life President post of IOA, Sports Ministry issues showcause notice
Rahul dares PM Modi to reveal names of Swiss account holders
Cabinet clears ordinance: Face jail time, Rs 50,000 penalty for holding old notes
Over 50 injured as 15 coaches of Sealdah-Ajmer express derails near Kanpur
Need assistance with digital payments? Govt launches new helpline
9 Afghan men arrested for attempting to enter Pakistan
Jan 20 is fast approaching: Trump urges Israel to 'stay strong', ahead of  Kerry's speech
Ratan Tata meets Mohan Bhagwat at RSS headquarters
Congress should introspect its contribution to ills like corruption and black money: BJP
Averting water wars in Asia
DNA Edit: Cash-rich Mayawati smells a plot against BSP
What celebrity patients teach us of patient privacy
7 PICS
In Pictures | Chetak Festival puts Indian equine beauty on display
In Pictures | Chetak Festival puts Indian equine beauty on display
11 PICS
In Pictures | How Eastern Hemisphere Celebrated Christmas 2016
In Pictures | How Eastern Hemisphere Celebrated Christmas 2016
8 PICS
In pictures| Christmas eve celebrations from across the globe
In pictures| Christmas eve celebrations from across the globe
12 PICS
In Pictures| A look back at 2016's biggest world events
In Pictures| A look back at 2016's biggest world events
5 PICS
In Pictures | Off-duty officer assassinates Russian ambassador Andrei Karlov in Ankara
In Pictures | Off-duty officer assassinates Russian ambassador Andrei Karlov in Ankara
8 PICS
In Pictures | Truck ploughs through Berlin Christmas market killing 12
In Pictures | Truck ploughs through Berlin Christmas market killing 12
Direct tax collections in Mumbai, Delhi in single digit
The digital tax collections in both the cities were in single digit until December 24 even though the net revenue...
Chennai: Hotels, clubs directed to wind up New Year parties by 1 am
A list of dos and don'ts has been released by the Chennai police to prevent any untoward incidents on New Year's eve.
After several cases of rape & death in tribal schools, Maharashtra promises corrective measures
On the cards-- less gap between meals, mosquito nets, women's squad for safety of girls, 108 ambulances and ANM for...
Rahul- Mamata demonetization bonhomie leaves Bengal Congress and Left clueless about future
According to Adhir Chowdhury, Bengal Congress will abide AICC's decisions. But he said that Mamata Banerjee can't be a...
Carrie Fisher had completed her work on Episode VIII of 'Star Wars'
Apart from Star Wars, Fisher had a recurring role on the Amazon/Channel 4 comedy series 'Catastrophe'.
Bigg Boss 10: These 4 contestants are now OUT of the captaincy race!
Guess who the four contestants are...
Anushka Sharma outs Varun Dhawan
Anushka said she won’t date him because, “He is already in a relationship!” Wonder what Varun, who has been maintaining...
Bigg Boss 10: After Mona, Gaurav, Bani and Nitibha, you won't believe who's disqualified next
Conflict over Lopa and Swami’s disqualification
Taimur row: Priyanka Chopra silences trolls taking digs at Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor!
Saif and Kareena were slammed on Twitter for naming their son after a barbaric ruler. Here's what PC had to say...
Mumbai: Fire breaks out at Goregaon's Hub Mall
The fire broke out at a restaurant in the mall.
Next appoint Dawood Ibrahim as Chief Justice of India: Twitter sees irony of Kalmadi becoming lifelong IOA president
'Finally government succeeded in finding a Gold Medalist.'
Mamata vs Centre: WB Police asked not to send report directly to Home Ministry
All such reports have to be vetted by the state secretariat, as per latest instruction from the Bengal govt.
Agni V test firing: India's nuke capabilities not targeted against any nation, says MEA
India reacts to China's apprehension about test-firing of Agni V missile.
Stop believing WhatsApp forwards, the Shivaji memorial is not a technological marvel
A WhatsApp forward has Indians believing the Shivaji memorial statue is a giant solar panel and maritime defense system
2016 in review: From Modi to Rahul - who rocked and who flopped in Indian politics
Some leaders connected with the masses, while others almost faded to oblivion.
'Dangal' Review: Aamir Khan makes you chuckle and tear up alternately throughout the film, a MUST watch!
'Collateral Beauty' Review: Forgive the great cast for they knew not what they did
'Rogue One: A Star Wars Story' Review | Your eyes won't stray away from the screen
Huawei Watch Review: Almost the best smartwatch, with great battery life
Asus Zenfone Zoom Review: Grab the Zoom, leave your DSLR at home
Xiaomi Mi 5 First Impressions: Hot and cool at the same time
Book Review: Nujeen – One Girl’s Incredible Journey from War-torn Syria in a Wheelchair
Book review: 'DRIVEN - The Virat Kohli Story' is an inspiring read
Book Review: Arnab Ray’s Sultan of Delhi is a desi Godfather-style thriller
DNA Pulse: How to stay healthy during pregnancy
Mumbai hospital sees first cadaver organ donation
Young at heart  but lonely, seniors ready to marry
Run in groups, train in basic CPR, doctors advise marathon runners
Move over, Tinder. Carpooling can get you better dates
Karan Johar, thank you for nailing the sexual anxieties of a fat kid
My reasons for not dating the next Mr. Right-swipe
LiveAUS 278/2 (58)PAK 443/9 (126.3)
LiveSA 285/5 (67.1), 286/10 (98.5)SL 205/10 (64.5)
New Zealand vs Bangladesh
Thu, 29 December 2016, 03:30 AM IST
All you need to know about actress and writer Carrie Fisher
The persecution of Zakir Naik’s lawyer is both illegal and unjust
Averting water wars in Asia
2016 in review: From Modi to Rahul - who rocked and who flopped in Indian politics
National anthem in cinema halls: Patriotism by fiat
‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media
Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut
Sula seeing 20% growth annually in India: Cecilia Oldne
Jan 20 is fast approaching: Trump urges Israel to 'stay strong', ahead of  Kerry's speech
Tremors of 1.2 magnitude felt in Peth tehsil of Nashik
After several cases of rape & death in tribal schools, Maharashtra promises corrective measures
Chennai: Hotels, clubs directed to wind up New Year parties by 1 am
Here's why demonetization is barely affecting certain tribal villages of Maharashtra
IOA Life President Row: After facing Sports Ministry's wrath, Kalmadi retreats but Chautala remains defiant
Is French wonder kid Anthony Martial considering a move away from Manchester United?
FIFA President Infantino says national football federations back 48-team World Cup
Kalmadi defers Life President post of IOA, Sports Ministry issues showcause notice
SA vs SL: South Africa build lead before bad weather halts play on Day 3
Bigg Boss 10: Manveer, Lopa, Manu or Rohan - here's who won the captaincy race!
Priyanka Chopra's response to Deepika Padukone's Hollywood career: Cordial or sly?
Kala Chashma, Chull, ADHM...Which is the best song of 2016? Vote Now!
Carrie Fisher had completed her work on Episode VIII of 'Star Wars'
Bigg Boss 10: After getting disqualified, Om Swami sabotages the task for Rohan Mehra!
New RBI Deputy Governor Viral Acharya once called himself 'poor man's Raghuram Rajan'
Sensex wipes off all gains to end in red on late selling, ahead of F&O expiry
Flight never at any point entered the wrong bay: SpiceJet clarifies after averting mishap with Indigo
Viral Acharya appointed as 4th RBI deputy governor: All you need to know
Need assistance with digital payments? Govt launches new helpline
